how to run a youtube campaign part one
no matter what kind of campaign you're
running you need to have a clearly
defined target audience the more
specific your audience the more likely
your campaign is to succeed youtube
campaigns give you lots of really cool
audience options like people who are
business travelers or people who are in
market for running shoes can use your
own remarketing and then similar
audiences you can target people based on
what they're searching for on google so
you can actually repurpose your search
keywords as youtube audiences can target
based on what kind of apps or websites
people use then you can create
combinations of all those audiences you
always want to start with your business
who is your target audience once you
have that clearly defined then figure
out how to target that audience using
all of youtube and google's different
options oh yeah if you haven't figured
that out by now youtube is owned by
google and you run youtube campaigns
through google ads once you've defined
your target audience you'll be ready for
step two picking the right format follow
for more and sign up for my newsletter
to receive tips like this in your inbox